If someone offends me
It will be returned a hundredfold
Ok you forgot to tell you
Under the red star of the whole city, I will respect you
Except for the eldest sister of Red Star
No one is afraid
Then do you know who he is?
Of course I know an abandoned child
One uses one's own body
Come up to work for him
hit
But now it is sending small steamed buns to this beast
Wuhahahaha
Come on, man
go back
Sell my daughter to an old man in the mountains
Play the same game
Was it your idea?
No, no, it's not all what the account forced me to do
It has nothing to do with me.
Please let me go
Let you go
Good idea.
Thank you. Thank you.
But since you like old men so much
Then keep your wish
Send you to the mountains to serve my mother
Don't be sorry.
Go no more
Li Lang
The Zhao family has deep pockets
Powerful
If you go too far
They won't let it go
Chu Yao, don't worry.
As long as I'm here
No one can hurt you
I came back this time to compensate you.
Zhao Kai made you suffer
I'll make him double it back